{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Swift Unicode Picker is a MacOS app to simplify choosing exotic operator and identifier names in Swift.\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 If the program is running in the background, it can be activated with the hot key control-shift-U. Activating with the hot key also opens up the ability to paste back selected character in apps.\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 The program has one window with a list of allowed Unicode characters. You select if you want to se the operator or the identifier character set.\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 If you hoover with the cursor over a character in the list, the characters Unicode name and UTF8 hexcode is displayed.\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 - If the background of the character is pink, some restrictions are also shown.\cf0 \cb1 \
- \cf2 \cb3 If the background is light blue, the character cannot be used as first character in operator/identifier.\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 When you click on a character, the character is transferred to the clipboard. If the program had been activated with the hot key, the character is also pasted back in the calling app.\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 At the bottom of the window there are ten programmable buttons in two rows.\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 When you select Define Button x, the other buttons are disabled and you can now klick on the characters in the list that you want to make up the button string. When you are ready you click on the button and the definition is set. Now you can klick on the buttons to paste back their strings in the same way as you can klick on the characters.}